Fonminter uses the company's patents
Can not place an order
Ten years ago after her grandmother got out of the car, Phuong Minh called an ambulance.
If we delay time, the consequences will be unimaginable.
No one is perfect.
For your sake, we'll give him another chance.
If not, this will tell you how good your revenge is.
Come out, I know you're the best.
I'm leaving.
It's your coffee.
You heard what I just said.
So if I leave my name
Will you be sad?
Will no one be perfect?
As long as he doesn't do these little tricks anymore.
So if he keeps doing little tricks, you
What to do?
Until then if you protect
What?
Then I'll stay away.
Can't you get me to hide?
That's all.
There is no way to owe you too much, you have to give you a face.
I'm going to work.
Just in time I took me to the hospital to visit my grandmother.
All right.
The deputy doctor just checked.
We're out of danger.
He said he'll wake up soon.
All right.
I told you.
Old lady with a big burden
I will definitely be out of danger to my life.